Can I interest you in some
more Yigrish cream pie?
No, thank you, Doctor.
I'm quite full.
But you've hardly
touched your food.
Well, the truth is I'm trying
to lose a little weight.
Hemming women's dresses
may provide me
with a modest income,
but it offers very little
in the way of exercise.
Well, if you like,
I can help you set up
an exercise program
in one of the holosuites.
I might just take
you up on that.
And, uh, speaking
of holosuites...
happy birthday.
I know it's a few days off,
but I wanted to give you
your present early.
It's a Cardassian
holosuite program.
An adaptation of one of
Shoggoth's enigma tales.
Is it? I see.
Well, you sound
disappointed.
I thought you enjoyed
mystery novels.
I do.
Human  mystery novels.
The trouble with
Cardassian enigma tales
is that they all end
the same way--
all the suspects
are always guilty.
Yes, but the challenge
is determining
exactly who is guilty of what.
(sighs)
Is Lieutenant Dax
throwing one of her
surprise parties
for you this year?
Oh. So I'm told.
Well, you don't sound
enthusiastic about that either.
Well, it's not that
I don't appreciate
all the trouble she
goes to and everything.
It's just that... this year
is a little different.
How so?
This will be my 30th birthday.
And?
Well...
in many human cultures
the 30th birthday is
considered a sort of landmark.
It marks the end of youth
and the beginning of the
slow march into middle age.
And that's considered bad?
No. It's just that
when you hit 30,
it becomes harder and harder
to ignore the passage of time.
I wasn't aware that
humans saw growing old
as a negative experience.
On Cardassia,
advanced age is seen as
a sign of power, dignity.
Well, I am aware that
aging is part of the
natural process of life.
It's just that I don't want to
be reminded of it, that's all.
And look, Garak,
in two days, I turn 30.
If I choose to be
grumpy about it,
that's my prerogative.
By all means, Doctor,
be as grumpy as you like.
Well, thank you
for the support.
Excuse me, Doctor.
What?!
Oh, Quark, I'm sorry.
How can I help you?
Um... my friend
Altovar here
is looking to purchase
a small quantity of...
(quietly)
bio-mimetic gel.
And I was wondering if,
uh, you might be able
to tell him
where he can find
let's say, uh...
a few hundred milliliters.
Bio-mimetic gel is a
restricted substance.
Its sale is strictly
prohibited by Federation law.
I thought so.
You see?
I told you.
I'm willing to pay
whatever's necessary.
Name your price.
Why do you need it?
That's my business.
Oh. Well, I am sorry,
but bio-mimetic gel
can be hazardous if
handled incorrectly.
It's not for sale...
at any price.
Well... we tried.
Thank you, Doctor.
BASHIR: Quark...
you might want to
warn your friend
that even attempting
to obtain bio-mimetic gel
is a felony under
Federation law.
I know.
I told him that,
but he insisted
I ask you anyway.
Letheans can be
incredibly stubborn.
I... hope
you'll forgive
the interruption.
Of course.
You know...
we just introduced a new
lunch menu at the bar...
Goodbye, Quark.
Don't take
it personally.
He's turning 30.
Lights.
What do you think
you're doing here?
(growling)
(groaning)
(theme music playing)
(groans)
Bashir to Security.
Oh...
Bashir to Ops.
This is Doctor Bashir.
Can anyone read me?
Computer, locate
Commander Sisko.
Computer, respond.
Computer...
(eerie, whispering voices)
Hello?
Is somebody there?
(whispering continues)
Is there anybody there?
Where is everybody?
(crashing)
(crashing, glass shattering)
(clattering)
(louder crash)
Who's there?
(clattering)
(whimpering)
(gasps)
Quark?
It's all right.
It's me, Bashir.
Okay. What is it?
What's going on?
Tell me.
He's going to kill us.
He's going to
kill us all.
Who? Who are you
so afraid of?
Where's Sisko? What happened
to the rest of the crew?
(crashing)
Why don't you
come with me?
We'll go and try
to find them.
No...
don't you see?
If we move, he'll find us.
(panting)
If we stay here,
we might be safe.
Safe?
From whom?
Quark, you have got to tell me.
(louder crashing)
He's here.
We've got to find a way
to put these lights back on.
It's too late.
He's found us.
We've got to get out.
-(yelling)
-Wait!
Who's there?
Show yourself!
(growling)
(furniture crashing)
Quark?
Quark.
Tarkalean tea.
(scraping)
Constable?
Garak!
Doctor! What are
you doing here?
I was about to ask you
the same question.
I was looking for
Constable Odo.
Everyone on this station
seems to have disappeared.
Not everyone.
I just saw Quark
cowering behind his bar.
He believes that someone
is terrorizing the station,
and I'm not sure
I disagree with him.
What do you mean?
Tell me, what's going on?
There is some thing  in
Quark's tearing up the place.
I didn't get a really good
look at it, but believe me,
it was not friendly.
-Computer...
-It's no use.
As far as I can tell,
the station has suffered
a massive systems failure.
Aside from life support
and simple functions
like turbolifts and doors,
nothing seems to work.
It's been like that for hours.
I was up late, programming
some replicator patterns
for a suit I'm designing,
when everything went dead.
I can't believe
that you, Quark and I
are the only people
left on this station.
Sisko and the others must
be around somewhere.
Maybe. Or maybe they've
fallen victim to some
kind of rampant virus.
Or space anomaly,
or Dominion plot.
All the more reason
to try and locate them.
(eerie whispering voices)
Wait...
do you hear that?
Hear what?
That sound...
it's like voices...
whispering.
I don't hear anything.
But then,
Cardassian hearing
is not quite as
acute as humans.
Doctor, are you
feeling all right?
You look...
different somehow.
-What is it?
-Your hair...
it seems to be turning gray.
-So I've noticed.
-I guess you had reason
to feel worried about
turning 30, after all.
Either that, or your job
is even more stressful
than I'd thought.
Look, Garak, we haven't
got time for this.
We've got to find out
what's going on here.
I agree. Perhaps
we should split up.
I can search
the Docking Ring
while you look around
the Habitat Ring
and the Central Core.
I'll meet you back on
the Promenade in an hour.
-Be careful.
-You, too.
And, Doctor,
try to relax.
(machinery powering down)
(beep)
(doors opening)
Level H-1, section A.
(growling)
(yells)
(pounding)
(pounding continues)
DAX (faintly):
Look, what are we doing
standing around here?
O'BRIEN: What do you
want to do, rush out
and get us all killed?
DAX: It's better than
doing nothing. Let's go.
ODO: Or follow you
right into a trap.
Is that what you want?
KIRA: You're all crazy.
None of this is helping
us deal with the Lethean.
DAX: Well, I don't see you
coming up with anything.
KIRA: If you'd all
stop talking and give
me some time to think...
(louder)
maybe I would.
O'BRIEN: I say we do
nothing until we get
reinforcements...
Julian, there you are.
Where have you been?
-Looking for you.
-Well, I'm glad you're here.
...the communications
system back on line.
It'll take hours.
Too many systems
have been sabotaged.
All my work crews
are missing.
And I cannot
make new parts
until we get the
replicators fixed.
The first thing
we need to do
is neutralize
the Lethean.
-The Lethean?
You mean Altovar?
-You know him?
We've met. He attacked
me in the Infirmary.
Well, now he's trying to kill us
all by destroying the station.
What are we waiting for?
Let's get some phasers
and hunt him down.
If you ask me, none of us
are safe until he is dead.
If we go looking for
the Lethean, we're the
ones who'll end up dead.
I'll tell you what--
if we find the Lethean
maybe we can find
you a backbone!
Maybe he doesn't want
us to find the Lethean.
Maybe he's in league with him.
BASHIR: Computer.
Scan the occupants
of this room
for any anomalies.
Doctor, what are you doing?
You're all acting very strangely
and I intend to find out why.
-Computer!
-Don't bother, Doctor.
For some reason, the
computer isn't working.
Don't go blaming me
for that, Constable.
None of this
would be happening
if Security
had done its job.
That's enough.
Where is Sisko?
Where are O'Brien's work crews?
I've been wandering around
this station for hours
and the only two people I've
seen are Quark and Garak.
Where is everybody else?
There's something
very wrong here.
I'd say there is.
Have you looked
in a mirror lately?
-(whispering voices)
-Hold on.
Does anybody
else hear that?
What?
I don't hear anything.
Garak didn't either.
Julian, what are
you talking about?
I know, I know it sounds odd,
but I keep hearing voices.
And he says we're
acting peculiar?
What are these so-called
voices saying?
That's just
the problem.
I can't make
out the words.
I think you're the one who
needs help, Doctor, not us.
Maybe you
should lie down.
I'm fine.
Except... you're hearing voices.
And you've aged about 30 years
in the last few hours.
There must be some
logical explanation.
Maybe there's a virus
or a subspace anomaly
a neural inversion field,
an anaphasic parasite.
You keep thinking, Julian.
And while you try
to figure it out,
I'll find the Lethean
and stop him
from sabotaging any
of the other systems.
And what good will that do?
You have no idea
where he is.
We don't know what we're up
against, how strong he is,
if he can be hurt
by phaser fire.
Don't worry, Chief.
I wasn't asking for
any of your help.
If he's here,
I'll find him,
even if I have to
do it all by myself.
Calm down, Dax. You're
not going anywhere.
No one is. There are
too many strange things
going on, on
this station--
my aging, O'Brien's
missing crew members,
sabotage to the station,
your abnormal behavior.
You think it's all
connected somehow?
I think we
should find out.
Is there any
way of getting
the internal
sensors on line?
There's a computer processing
junction near here.
I might be able to repair
the internal sensors from there.
-But I'm not going alone.
-Oh, what a surprise.
Don't worry, I'm not letting
you out of my sight.
We'll all go together.
Let's move.
(sighs)
It's even worse
than I thought.
The entire sensor array
is burnt out and there's
extensive damage
to the computer's
central processor.
The only system that
looks salvageable
is the subspace
communications relay.
Well, that would at least
let us contact Bajor.
See what you
can do, Chief.
Constable, would you
stop doing that?
-Doing what?
-Looking around like that.
It's getting
on my nerves.
There's no harm in
keeping both eyes open.
I don't remember
asking your opinion.
If the Lethean's around,
I want to know it.
Last time I saw him,
he was in the Central Core.
The Central Core?
What level were you on?
Level Five, but I doubt
he's still there.
-I think I lost him.
-You think?
Just keep working, Chief.
For all we know,
he could be right
outside the door.
And if he is, then
you'll have led him here.
O'BRIEN:
Hold on, Lieutenant.
I think I've got the
communications relay working.
Open hailing frequencies.
Try to contact Bajor.
Hold on. Ah,
it's not working.
But I'm receiving
a signal. Audio only.
-Let's hear it.
-I'm patching it through.
DAX:
...four CC's of cordrazine,
but there was no response.
That sounds like you,
Lieutenant.
SISKO: There has to
be something we can do.
Well, that's
Sisko's voice.
NURSE: We've tried
everything we can think of,
but we haven't been
able to counteract
the telepathic damage.
His motor functions
are minimal...
Where's this signal coming from?
I don't know.
Somewhere outside
the station.
SISKO: Give me
the bottom line.
DAX: The bottom line is
that Julian's in some kind
of telepathically-induced coma.
And unless we can
get him out of it,
he'll be dead in
less than three hours.
SISKO: I'll be
in my office.
Keep me informed.
What the hell's
going on here?
Delta waves.
When I scan myself
for brain activity,
all I get are
low-frequency delta waves.
O'BRIEN: And what's
that supposed to mean?
It means that the voices
were telling the truth.
I'm... in a coma.
How can you stand there
and say that you're in
a coma? That's crazy.
Not necessarily, Major.
I suppose the next thing
you're going to tell us
is that we're
unconscious.
Not according
to these readings.
Glad to hear it.
Actually, I'm
not picking up
any life signs
from you at all.
Let me see that.
You want to know
what this means?
This tricorder is broken.
That's what it means.
I don't think so.
What are you
saying, Doctor?
That we don't exist?
Oh, I've had
enough of this.
I am not some figment
of your imagination.
But don't you see?
That is why you are all
behaving so strangely.
I'm not behaving
strangely.
Am I?
You all are.
Dax, you're not usually
the sort of person
to solve her problems by
running around with a phaser.
And, Chief, you aren't
usually so pessimistic.
Look, we are
wasting time.
The Lethean could
be here any minute.
So if you're in a coma,
and we're not real,
then what are
we doing here?
Or maybe we're just here to
give him someone to talk to.
(laughing)
A paranoid, a coward,
a hothead and me?
Oh, you'd think he'd pick
some better company.
I haven't picked any of you.
I'm in a coma.
I'm the only one
who's really here.
Which means when
I'm talking to you,
I'm really only
talking to myself.
I wish you wouldn't say that.
It's the only
possible explanation.
KIRA: So...
you're saying
I'm you?
In a manner of speaking.
And I suppose
he's you, too.
You all are.
You all embody different
aspects of my personality...
different voices inside my head.
I don't believe we're
having this discussion.
If I were to guess, Chief,
I would say that you
represent my doubt...
and my disbelief.
No, I don't!
I knew you were
going to say that.
Major... you're
the perfect choice
for my aggression.
And, Odo...
you represent my sense
of suspicion and fear.
Dax...
to me, you've always
represented my confidence...
and sense of adventure.
Ha!
Thank you, Julian.
You're forgetting
something, Doctor.
What about the Lethean?
What is he supposed
to represent?
I suppose he represents
the telepathic damage
that the real Lethean
did to my mind.
So why is this Lethean
running around
sabotaging
the station?
It's not the station
he's sabotaging.
It's my mind!
The station represents my mind.
Just as you represent different
aspects of my personality.
Think about it! When the Chief
fixed the communications relay,
we could hear what was
happening in the real world.
It's like he
restored your hearing.
Exactly.
So if we could repair
the station...
You'd wake up.
But if you wake up,
what happens to us?
DAX: Julian!
-(growling)
-Julian!
Jadzia!
DAX: Help me,
Julian!
Jadzia.
Jadzia!
(grunting)
How did I get here?
Oh, don't ask me.
After all, we're
inside your mind.
It's a pity about
Lieutenant Dax.
How do you know about her?
I'm a part of you, remember?
I know what you know.
Well... maybe a little more.
Still the man
of mystery?
Oh, you wouldn't have
me any other way.
Oh, I'm getting a little
too old for this game.
Yes, apparently so.
You, or should I say "we,"
are running out of time.
Your service, Doctor.
I can't stay here.
I have to get the main
computer back on line.
Then you'd better get to Ops.
If there are repairs to be done,
that's the place to do them.
You're right.
Try to find Kira,
Odo and O'Brien.
Tell them to meet me in Ops.
I'd be delighted.
I wonder if any of
them plays tennis?
(people moaning
and coughing)
MAN: Doctor, help us.
SISKO: I'll handle this, Doctor.
She's suffering
cranial trauma.
Treat the fracture with
an osteogenic stimulator
and then follow it up with...
BOTH: Two CC's
of inpedrezine.
How did you know that?
-Just doing my job.
-No, you're not.
You're doing my job.
And what's more,
you're doing it as
well as I could.
Give him a coagulation
activator to stop the bleeding.
You represent my
professionalism...
and my skill.
I'm flattered.
Come on.
You're going to
come with me to Ops.
But I'm needed here.
I can't repair the station
without your help.
I suppose you're right.
Look after things here.
I won't be long.
Yes, sir.
No!
You're not going
anywhere, Doctor.
You're staying right here
trapped on this station,
watching while I destroy
you piece by piece.
And when all the best
parts of you are gone,
when there's nothing left
but the withered shell,
then, and only then, will I
put you out of your misery.
You can't escape, Doctor!
You can run if you want to,
but you can't outrun death.
Major.
ODO: Doctor...
Odo...
what happened?
The Lethean.
He came out of nowhere.
He's trying to rob
me of my confidence.
My intelligence.
My strength.
I have to get to Ops.
Use the conduits.
They're your best chance.
I have to get there
while I still can.
Chief.
Julian.
What the hell
are you doing here?
I've got to get to Ops.
You'll never make it.
Well, I-I got
to do something.
I can't just let
the Lethean kill me.
The Lethean's
too strong, too fast.
He's going to kill us all.
(gasping)
You sound awfully sure of that.
Well, I know you're not
going to stop him.
Well, look at you!
You look like you've got one
foot in the grave already.
I'll tell you something--
I like the real Chief
better than you.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna try
and find a way out
of these conduits.
It's hard enough
to for me to walk,
let alone crawl.
Mind if I
come along?
I thought you said
I didn't have a chance.
Well, I'm hoping
I was wrong.
So am I.
But somehow, I doubt it.
How did we get back here?
You tell me.
It's your mind.
(panting)
This monitor...
it's displaying
my vital signs.
O'BRIEN: And what's
the prognosis?
Pulse is thready.
Blood pressure is
dropping steadily.
I'm dying.
I could have told you that
just by looking at you.
Ha!
(distant cheering
and laughter)
(people yelling)
BASHIR: Pardon me.
Excuse me, excuse me. Pardon.
QUARK: Can I offer
you gentlemen a drink?
Quark, where did all
these people come from?
Just goes to show--
give the people
what they want
and they'll
show up in droves.
Now, care to
place a wager?
A wager? On what?
You name it.
On how much longer
you have to live.
What organ will fail first.
Ultimate cause of death.
The house is
covering all bets.
What if I want to bet
that I will survive?
Hmm. It's a long shot,
but if you want to
throw your money away,
who am I to stop you?
MAN: Dabo!
Uh-oh.
It looks like all bets are off.
CROWD: No! No!
ALTOVAR: Everyone loses!
(laughing)
(gasps)
Oh, Garak, the Lethean
is in Quark's.
Well, he hasn't caught
you yet, Doctor.
Let's get you
out of here.
I've got to get to Ops.
(groans)
What's wrong?
I don't believe it.
I've broken my hip.
I can't walk.
Well, Doctor, it was a good
game while it lasted.
I've got to keep moving.
And how do you propose
doing that, hmm?
You're going to help me.
(laughs)
I admire your tenacity,
Doctor, but it's over.
Look at yourself.
Your bones are as
brittle as twigs.
You can't catch
your breath.
You can't even stand,
let alone walk.
But other than that,
I feel wonderful.
Now, are you going to
give me a hand, or not?
It would be my privilege.
Now, what would
you like me to do?
Get me up!
Of course-- come on.
(grunting)
All right?
Let's go.
Okay, come on.
(panting)
(phaser firing)
(straining)
Anybody home?
All right, Doctor,
here we go.
Easy, now.
That's it.
Good.
Surprise!
What is this?
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday,
Dear Julian ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ And many more ♪
I really must
congratulate you, Doctor.
You have
a fascinating mind.
I'm sorry, but I really
haven't got time for this.
But it's a party,
and it's all for you.
You must try to
enjoy yourself.
It's your birthday.
Garak...
get me over to the
engineering station.
Now!
Sorry, dear.
Come along, Doctor.
That's it.
Good.
There must be a way
to reactivate
the central
computer network.
Any ideas on how to
go about doing that?
(panting)
My engineering
extension courses
at Starfleet Medical...
focused mainly on...
Starship operations.
But I think if I can...
can reroute...
reroute the...
central command
processor,
I might be able
to bypass the
disabled systems
and... get it
operational.
So what panel accesses
the computer?
If you were really Garak,
you could tell me.
In fact, you could
fix this computer
-without my help.
-But I'm not really
Garak, am I?
I'm just another
part of you.
Help me get
this panel...
this panel off.
(both yell)
My... tennis balls.
Well, this station is in worse
condition than we thought.
Garak...
the computer controls are
behind one of these panels.
I just have to find
the right ones.
Face it, Doctor--
there's no way to
repair all this damage.
It's much too extensive.
Here.
If you won't help me...
I'll do it myself.
I'd be more than
willing to help you
if I thought it would
accomplish anything,
but you're only
delaying the inevitable.
That doesn't sound
like the Garak I know.
We've been through
this, Doctor.
I'm not Garak.
I'm you.
Well, it doesn't sound
like me either.
I've been thinking.
(panting)
Why did the Lethean
let you live, hmm?
He killed everyone else
who could have helped me.
Exactly what part of me
do you represent?
Is it my conscience?
My curiosity?
Hmm? Is it?
Is it my... sense of humor?
(coughing)
You tell me.
I don't think
that you are
any part of me.
In fact, I don't even think
you belong here... at all.
Which leaves me with
just one question.
Who are you?
You've put up an
entertaining struggle, Doctor.
Well, I'm glad you
enjoyed yourself.
Now it's time to make
things easy on yourself.
Oh, you mean
just give up?
I don't think so.
Why not?
Isn't that what
you've always done?
Remember, Doctor...
I am inside your head.
I know all about you.
When you were younger...
you wanted to be a tennis
player, didn't you?
(ball bounces)
I wasn't good enough
to play professionally.
Don't lie to me.
Not in here.
You were good enough
but you knew your parents
wouldn't approve of it.
So you gave up.
And you became
a doctor instead.
I love medicine.
But you loved
tennis more.
And what about
medical school?
You should have been
first in your class.
What went wrong?
I made a mistake.
In the final exam.
You mistook
a preganglionic fiber
for a postganglionic nerve.
That's right.
But preganglionic fibers
and postganglionic nerves
aren't anything alike.
Any first-year
medical student
could tell them apart.
You purposely answered
the question wrong.
That's...
that's ridiculous.
You didn't want to be
first in your class.
You couldn't take
the pressure.
That's not true.
Isn't it?
Then let's talk
about Lieutenant Dax.
You like her, don't you?
She's my friend.
But she could have
been a lot more
if you'd tried
a little harder.
But you'd rather give up
than fight, wouldn't you?
We'll see about that.
Wait. Where
are you going?
(panting)
What do you think
you're doing?
The mistake I made...
was trying...
to repair the
station from Ops.
It may be the nerve center
of the real world,
but this is the
center of my world.
Get away from that panel.
Or what? Hmm?
You'll kill me?
Go ahead.
You've had plenty of
opportunities so far.
I don't think that it
is as easy for you...
as you say it is.
Ah...
You know, you don't look
half as threatening
in normal light.
Take a close look, Doctor.
You're dying.
Why can't you
just accept it?
Because that is what
you want me to do.
You may be inside my head,
but you don't know me
half as well as
you think you do.
Take Dax. I do have
feelings for her.
(panting)
But the important thing
is she's my friend.
You know? Friend? Hmm?
And I wouldn't exchange that
friendship for anything.
As far as my career
is concerned,
I may have been a good
tennis player,
but I am a great doctor.
Maybe I could have been
first in my class,
but it wouldn't have
changed anything in my life.
I still would have
chosen this assignment.
This is where I belong.
Computer... activate
quarantine field 3-J.
You can't do this.
I can do anything I want.
It is my mind.
Begin sterilization.
(groaning)
DAX: Julian.
He's awake.
His vital signs
have stabilized.
His brain wave
activity's normal.
Welcome back, Doctor.
You will never believe
where I've been.
As for the real Altovar,
he tripped
a security alert
when he broke
into the Infirmary.
Barely got two meters
before Odo arrested him.
Well, it sounds as if he were
more dangerous in your mind
than he was in
the real world.
Actually, I did some
checking on Letheans.
Their telepathic attacks
are almost always fatal.
I guess I was lucky.
Cardassians don't
believe in luck, Doctor.
You survived because
you're strong.
One thing's for
sure, you know--
after experiencing
life at a hundred plus,
turning 30 doesn't
seem that bad anymore.
In that case,
happy birthday.
You know, Doctor, what
I find most fascinating
about this entire incident
is how your
unconscious mind
chose people you
know to represent
the various parts
of your personality.
Yeah, it did make
things interesting.
And what I find interesting
is how your mind ended up
casting me in the role
of the villain.
Oh, I wouldn't read
too much into that, Garak.
Oh, how can I not?
To think, after all this time,
all our lunches together,
you still don't trust me.
There's hope for
you yet, Doctor.
(chuckles)